highlight importance of setActive() for sign-in and sign-up flows (#987)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/javascript/sign-in/sign-in.mdx

### `create()`

> Use this method to initiate the sign-in process. It creates a new `SignIn` object and stores the sign-in lifecycle state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a new `SignIn` object based on the params you pass to it, and stores the sign-in lifecycle state. Use this method to initiate the sign-in process.
```

I think in references we should state what the function does before stating what to do with it. Also, what do we mean by "stores the sign-in lifecycle state"? Is it stored in the `SignIn` object that gets returned?

Author: yes, in the `status` param !

> What you pass to `params` depends on the [configuration](/docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-sign-in-options) of the instance; choices on the instance settings affect which `params` options are available to use.

Author: ```suggestion
What you pass to `params` depends on the [configuration](/docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-sign-in-options) of your application instance; choices on the instance settings affect which `params` options are available to use.
```

> What you pass to `params` depends on the [configuration](/docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-sign-in-options) of your application instance; choices on the instance settings affect which `params` options are available to use.

Author: ```suggestion
What you pass to `params` depends on the [configuration](/docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-sign-in-options) of your application instance.
```

> The `create()` method will return a promise of the new `SignIn` object. This sign-in might be complete if you supply the required fields in one step. However, this is not mandatory. Clerk's sign-up process provides great flexibility and allows users to easily create multi-step sign-in flows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `create()` method will return a promise of the new `SignIn` object. Optionally, you can complete the sign-in, fully authenticating the user, if you supply the required fields in one step. Otherwise, Clerk's sign-in process provides great flexibility and allows users to easily create multi-step sign-in flows.
```

Simplified some language and elaborated on what "complete" means in this context. Also, the original text here mentions "sign-up" process, but I corrected it to "sign-in". Not sure if that's right or wrong, just wanted to flag it as one of the changes here.
